“Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection, we can catch excellence.” Vince Lombardi
“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says ‘I’m possible’!” Audrey Hepburn
“Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.” Martin Luther
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” Arthur Ashe
“Mediocrity will never do. You are capable of something better.” Gordon B. Hinckley
“There is nothing impossible to him who will try.” Alexander the Great
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” Milton Berle
“Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.” Robert Kiyosaki
“When you have a dream, you’ve got to grab it and never let go.” Carol Burnett
“The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.” H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
“I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.” Jimmy Dean
“You were designed for accomplishment, engineered for success, and endowed with the seeds of greatness.” Zig Ziglar
“One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it’s worth watching.” Gerard Way
“The merit of all things lies in their difficulty.” Alexandre Dumas
“Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.” Robert Louis Stevenson
“Nothing will work unless you do.” Maya Angelou
“A champion is someone who gets up when he can’t.” Jack Dempsey
“I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.’” Muhammad Ali
“Two roads diverged in a wood and I – I took the one less travelled by, and that has made all the difference.” Robert Frost
“People do not lack strength; they lack will.” Victor Hugo
“If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.” William Blake
“The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” William Faulkner
“To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.” Lao Tzu
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” Theodore Roosevelt
“What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?” Robert H. Schuller
“We know what we are, but know not what we may be.” William Shakespeare
“Keep your face always toward the sunshine – and shadows will fall behind you.” Walt Whitman
“A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.” John A. Shedd
“The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” William Faulkner
“Victory is sweetest when you’ve known defeat.” Malcolm S. Forbes
“You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.” Oprah Winfrey
“If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change the way you think about it.” Mary Engelbreit
“Start by doing what’s necessary; then do what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.” Francis of Assisi
“You can’t depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.” Mark Twain
“In a gentle way, you can shake the world.” Mahatma Gandhi
“One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it’s worth watching.” Gerard Way
“You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated.” Maya Angelou
“The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.” Arthur C. Clarke
“Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.” Les Brown
“What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.” Ralph Waldo Emerson
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” George Eliot
“If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.” Thomas A. Edison
“All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.” Earl Nightingale